- [breathing heavily]
[distant sirens wailing]
[breathing heavily]
[helicopter blades chopping]
- Get back!
Get back!
[screaming]
- [screaming]
- Stop it, stop it!
[groans]
- [growls]
[crowd shouting]
- Please, I can't take it!
[panicked breathing]
Help!
This place is a living hell!
- [growling]
[tense music playing]
- Someone, please!
- [slurps]
[groans]
Oh, yeah, well, compared
to my life in the office,
your sounds like heaven.
[slurps]
- [screaming]
- [exhales]
Oh, no.
It's so late.
I really ought
to get some sleep.
What's tomorrow?
Oh.
That's right, ah.
I've got work again tomorrow,
don't I?
[shudders]
Work, huh?
[thuds]
I don't wanna go.
[light clicks]
It happened three years ago.
- Okay, starting today,
he'll be joining
the production department,
and--your name is, uh--
- Yes, sir.
[inhales sharply]
My name's Akira Tendo!
It's a pleasure
to meet every one of you!
[cheers and applause]
On my first day at the company,
I just knew I was joining
a lively office
with great atmosphere.
Thank you!
I'm happy to be here with you!
After landing a job at a company
I dreamed about working for,
I was bursting with all sorts
of hopes, dreams, and ambitions.
I'm gonna pump out commercials
for all the big players!
- [gasps]
Which means I might get lucky
and even meet some stars!
Wow.
I'll do my best.
- Right, then.
- [gasps]
- You'll be stationed
at this desk.
- Yes, sir!
- If you need help
with anything,
just ask
department chief Kosuki.
- Nice to meet you.
- Yes!
I look forward
to working with you!
- Thanks for your hard work,
sir.
[both gasp]
- Uh, I'm sorry!
[grunts]
- It's all right.
I should have been looking
where I was going.
- Not at all!
It was my fault.
I was...
- [gasps]
[giggles]
[wind howling]
[gasps]
Hmm?
- [stammers]
Uh, excuse me!
Uh, here!
- Oh, thank you.
- Don't mention it.
- It's nice to meet you.
I'm Saori Ohtori
from accounting.
You're new, right, Mr. Tendo?
- [exhales]
Yes.
Looking forward
to working with you.
- If you need help
with invoices,
or if you have any questions,
feel free
to come ask me anytime.
If you ever need me,
my desk is through there
and to the left.
- [gasps]
Got it.
- Well, big first day.
Best of luck!
[giggles]
- [exhales]
She's cute.
all: Cheers!
- Thanks for all your hard work.
- Where'd you go to school,
Tendo?
- K University!
- Wow!
That's a pretty good school.
- Oh, I dunno about that.
- Got a girlfriend?
- Oh.
I haven't had any luck
in that department.
- What?
How's a stud like you
havin' trouble?
- Oh, thanks,
but I'm far from a--
- Come on.
You can ditch the tie here.
We're not that kind of office.
- Thanks, I appreciate it,
but wearing one gets me
pumped up.
- You got
a pretty athletic build.
You, uh, ever play anything?
- Yeah.
I actually played rugby
throughout college.
all: Whoa!
- Seriously?
Rugby's tough!
That's incredible!
- Mm-hmm!
- Looks like we got
a team player!
- No kidding.
- Huh?
[grunting]
[gasps]
- [gasps]
[giggles]
- [gasping]
Wow.
Miss Ohtori's definitely
a total babe,
and she's totally my type.
Right.
I'm gonna prove myself
at this job
and show her what I can do.
- I think it's about time
we get goin', huh?
- Yeah, yeah.
- Thank you
for an amazing first day here!
I'm already looking forward
to tomorrow.
- All right.
Everybody grab your stuff.
Time to get back to work.
- Ah--
[keyboards clacking]
What is this?
Why are we still at work?
Uh, this isn't normal, right?
- How much longer
you got till you're done?
- Huh?
Uh, wha--
- Ten minutes, 'kay?
- Huh?
- An all-nighter
my very first day.
The next morning,
I was still in the office.
- Good morning.
- Morning.
- [gasps]
- And also that evening...
[exhales]
Seriously!
- [snoring]
- When am I gonna be able
to go home?
- I'm gonna step out
and grab some dinner.
- [gasps]
Did he just say dinner?
I'm not going home tonight
after all!
Eventually I was able
to clock out
and go home two days after I
had started.
[groaning]
[groans]
Oh, they must be one
of those exploitative
corporations.
[cell phone ringing]
[groaning]
I still feel like
I'm sleep-deprived.
[groaning]
I wonder how long
I'm gonna be stuck
at work this time around.
[distant birds chirping]
[groans]
All of the sudden I feel like I
don't wanna go to the office.
[inhales sharply]
[grunts]
[smacks face]
What am I doing whining
about this?
I'm used to stuff like this,
remember?
I'm the one who set my sights
on this career!
I worked too hard to get it
to give up!
Suck it up!
Show some backbone!
Don't underestimate us ruggers!
[door creaks]
Good morning, everyone!
Our company has plenty
of employee-friendly policies!
- Oh, yeah, sure!
We get annual paid vacations
and our anniversary day off
as well as mental health days.
That being said,
I've never seen anybody use 'em.
- We encourage one another
to work harder in the office
with good
old-fashioned competition!
- Unpaid overtime last month?
- About 150 hours.
- That's nothin'.
Talk to me once you're at 200.
- I'm blessed with lots
of kind coworkers.
- Hey, don't sweat.
I'll cover dinner.
It's only fair since I make more
than you.
I don't look it,
but it's my fifth year.
- Takahashi treated me
though his pay is 210,000 yen.
Kosugi, our department chief--
- [grunts]
- [gasps]
- Don't come cryin' to me
for everything!
Why can't you just figure
it out on your own, you know?
What? You made
a decision without me?
What did I say about doin' stuff
like that?
- He can be a bit moody
at times,
but he's so passionate
about mentoring people
that some employees are moved
to tears by his words!
- [crying]
- [grunts]
Where the hell do you think
you're going, dammit?
- It's also great
how health-conscious everyone
at the office is!
- Talk to me again when
you start pissin' blood.
- Another day, another ulcer.
Am I right?
- And in my second year...
[coughing]
[cell phone ringing]
[ringing]
[shouts]
[office phone ringing]
[exhales sharply]
[sniffs]
[gasps]
Man, when was the last time
I bathed?
I'm making it on the last train
tonight no matter what so I--
- Tendo!
- [gasps]
Yes, sir?
- Takahashi's out today
and you're takin' over.
- Uh--
- It's due by the end
of the week.
- Yes, sir.
Looks like another all-nighter
for me.
- Honestly, the guy was
a good-for-nothin' piece
of crap.
Useless.
- Maybe I'll get lucky
and a missile will fall on me.
- Here you guy, Mr. Tendo.
- [groaning]
- I get the feeling you worked
through lunch again, didn't you?
You have to eat.
Take care of yourself.
- Miss Ohtori!
Uh, thank you very much!
[chuckles]
[sniffs]
She's the only person keeping
me sane at this office.
Miss Ohtori.
My secret crush...
Thank you so mu--
- Hey, Ohtori.
You got a minute?
- Ah, yes, sir!
See ya, Mr. Tendo.
Try to hang in there.
- Was also...
- [gasps]
[door creaks]
- [gasping]
Sir, please not here.
- Oh, don't worry.
The walls are thick.
They won't hear a thing.
- Sir!
- The CEO's side chick.
- [gasping]
Sir!
No!
[giggles]
[laughs]
[moans]
Why?
If I'm so miserable,
why do I keep getting up
and coming to work?
And should I find another job?
[car horns honking]
No, that's impossible.
Where would I even find
the time for that?
And if I do decide to quit,
the other team members
would have
to pick up my slack.
Besides, there
are worse companies than mine.
I've got it easy.
[gasping]
Oh, well.
I don't care anymore.
[thuds]
[groans]
'Scuse me.
[unsettling music]
In my third year...
[gasps]
- Like I said,
the managing director
already went
and promised his grandkid
a role in
the upcoming online commercial.
You know how it is,
so can you rewrite the outline
and include the kid?
- But sir, we've already been
through five revisions
which means that--
- Oh!
So that's how it's gonna be,
huh?
Fine forget it!
There are plenty
of other companies
that would happily make
these changes!
- Wait, I'm sorry!
I'll make the changes.
- Is that so?
- Yes.
- Well, I'm glad to hear it!
- Right.
- Please get started right away.
- Crap, what do I do?
I already assigned the cast
and crew to work on
a shoestring budget.
How am I gonna make it up
to them?
- Quit wastin' my time
by slackin' off!
Is this harassment?
Is that what this is?
Are you harassing your superior?
Come up here again
and mess with me,
and I'll give you something
to complain about!
Oh.
This barricade is blocking me,
but...
if it wasn't here, then...
I wouldn't have to go back
to the office tomorrow.
[rain pattering]
[siren wailing]
- Running 1,000 leagues--
- According
to the witness's testimony--
[beeping]
- Long working hours
and bullying from higher-ups
robs employees of their will
to quit.
- Oh!
- Causing them
to lose their ability
to make simple decisions!
- [breathing heavily]
[chuckles]
- More often than not,
this causes employees
to sink into a depression.
- Ah.
Exploitative companies.
I'd hate to work
for one of those.
Every night just before bed,
I have the same exact thought.
"Please let me stay asleep.
I never want
to wake up again."
I don't wanna go.
[cell phone ringing]
[inhales sharply]
I don't wanna go to work.
I don't wanna go!
I don't wanna g--
[melancholy music]
♪♪ ♪♪
Huh?
[indistinct shouting]
[door creaking]
[lock clicks]
Huh?
Huh.
Dammit. I forgot to pay
for my bike space, didn't I?
I wonder if the building manager
is awake.
Excuse me.
[knocking]
Excuse me!
[groans]
What a drag.
I'm gonna be late for work.
[gasps]
'Scuse me.
It's about the parking fee
for my bike.
I'm sorry it's late.
[grunts]
Huh?
[suspenseful music]
♪♪ ♪♪
- [snarls]
.[snarling]
- [gasps]
[bones cracking]
[gasps]
- [roaring]
[bones snapping]
- [screams]
Hey! Stop!
- [roars]
- [breathing heavily]
Hang on a sec!
Wait, wait, wait!
[shouting]
[yelling]
[grunting]
[breathing heavily]
What the hell?
What's going on?
[groans]
[thuds]
- [groaning]
- [gasping]
Zombies?
I mean, those people
are zombies, right?
[all groaning]
What do I do?
I mean, if this keeps up,
I'm gonna be late for work!
[breathing erratically]
[wind blows]
[static hissing]
Wait.
So...
Does this mean...
That...
[static hissing]
Starting today...
I don't have
to go to work anymore?
[static hissing]
I'm...
I'm free!
[upbeat techno music]
[shouting]
[all groaning]
Whoa!
[grunting]
[breathing heavily]
- [groans]
- [grunting]
[breathing heavily]
[all snarling]
Until yesterday,
I saw the world in monochrome,
shrouded in a black cloud
of despair and hopelessness.
Blue skies,
green trees,
bright red blood!
I've been zoned out
for so long,
I've forgotten
the world was so beautiful,
full of so many
beautiful colors!
Who cares if there's zombies
chasing me?
I'm just happy to have
a day off from work!
Ah.
[chain fence rattling]
[breathing heavily]
Now, then,
what should I go do today?
Ah, I was gonna get my
motorcycle license when I
had some time off,
so I could go to Yakushima.
[gasps]
Or go skydiving!
Or if I really wanted to,
I could start day drinking
and just binge movies
all day long!
There's so many things I
wanna do I haven't been able to,
but starting today,
I can do them all!
[laughing]
Ah...
Oh.
[grunts]
I hope Miss Ohtori's all right.
I wonder what she's doing?
[groans]
[grunts]
Who cares if she's someone's
side chick?
You know what?
I'd rather be eaten
by zombies...
[grunts]
...than regret not confessing
my true feelings!
[scoffs]
[shouting]
I'm coming!
Wait for me, Miss Ohtori!
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[gasping]
- [groaning]
- [gasps]
This is it.
[inhales and exhales sharply]
Oh, crap!
I'm startin' to get cold feet!
Is it creepy if a coworker
you've never hung out with
shows up at your house?
It definitely is!
[groans]
No! This is just
a safety and wellness check.
[grunts]
[doorbell rings]
Hmm?
[doorknob turns]
[gasps]
[door creaks]
It's open?
[gasps]
[door creaks]
Uh, Miss Ohtori, I--
I came to check if you...
[gasping]
- [snarling]
- The CEO.
- [groaning]
- [grunts]
Excuse me, sir.
I have something important
to tell you.
If I can have a minute
of your time?
- [groaning]
- The last three years I've been
with you and the company,
the long, hard work hours have
been suffocating me,
and it's made me forget
what living is really like.
And so I don't know why
I'm working here anymore.
It pains me to have
to say this to you, sir.
But I'm resigning
and taking back control
of my life!
Despite my inexperience,
you hired and mentored me
up until today,
and for that,
I'm eternally grateful!
I know what I'm doing
is very selfish of me,
but please accept
my resignation!
Thank you, sir,
for everything you've done
for me!
- [roaring]
[voices cheering]
[booming]
[all groaning]
- [breathing heavily]
[gasps]
Miss Ohtori?
[breathing heavily]
[shuddering]
[gasping]
[whimpers]
[sniffling]
- [groaning]
- [gasps]
[quietly crying]
The moment I saw you,
on my first day at the office...
I've always--
I've always had...
[crying]
I've always had feelings
for you!
And I'm completely
in love with you!
- [roaring]
- Goodbye, my first love.
[gulping]
[exhales sharply]
[exhales]
That hits the spot.
Tomorrow, the day after,
next week,
I don't have to go
to the office ever again!
It doesn't feel real!
There's nothing
guaranteeing tomorrow.
We could die today
or we could die 60 years
from now.
Either way,
there's never enough time...
To do everything we want.
I'm gonna...
With that in mind...
[Kana-Boon's "Song of the Dead"]
♪♪ Dystopia to song of the dead,
dystopia to song of the dead ♪♪
♪♪ Dystopia to song of the dead ♪♪
♪♪ Dystopia
to song of the dead ♪♪
♪♪ ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Burger ♪♪
♪♪ Song of the dead,
song of the dead ♪♪
♪♪ I wanna dancing, dancing
Rolling, rolling ♪♪
♪♪ Only one my life ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Da--da--da--dancing, dancing
rolling, rolling ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Every night
every time ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ One, two, three, oh ♪♪
♪♪ Dystopia to song of the dead,
dystopia to song of the dead ♪♪
♪♪ Dystopia to song of the dead ♪♪
♪♪ Dystopia
to song of the dead ah ♪♪
[upbeat music]
- Next time,
"Bucket List of the Dead."